# AutoML with Agents
This is a project to automate the process of training and evaluating ML models for a well-specified task with coding agents.

## Project Design
The design philosophy is to have a lightweight, single-level codebase that only the following files matter:
- `instructions.md`: The only file that humans should edit. It specifies the task and how coding agents should behave.
- `evaluate.py`: A read-only, fixed evaluation script that takes two files (one for predictions and one for ground truth) as input and output a single metric.
- `train.py`: The only file that the coding agent should edit. After the agent implements it, it'll contain all the code required to train the model and produce predictions on the test set. Basically all things that need to be done before the evaluation script can be run. For example, data download, caching, preprocessing, model training, model inference, etc.

## Setup

**Requirements:** A single NVIDIA GPU, Python 3.12+, [uv](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/).

```bash
# Install uv (if not already installed)
curl -LsSf https://astral.sh/uv/install.sh | sh

# Install dependencies
uv sync
```

## Running the Agent
Point your coding agent (Claude, Codex, etc.) at this repo and give it a simple prompt like the following:

```
Follow `instructions.md` and let's kick off new experiments! Run 10 experiments one by one and then report back to me.
```

The agent should read `instructions.md`, sets up a branch, and enters an autonomous experiment loop by modifying `train.py`, training, validating performance, logging results to `results.tsv`, and branching for the next idea.

## Project Structure
```
.
├── data/
│   ├── train.csv         # training data with both features and labels
│   ├── test_inputs.csv   # test data with only features
│   └── test_labels.csv   # test data with only labels
├── instructions.md       # human-editable task and agent instructions
├── evaluate.py           # fixed evaluation script. Do NOT edit this file.
├── train.py              # editable script for training and prediction. The agent should only edit this file when trying out new ideas.
├── results.tsv           # experiment results log. The agent should log results to this file.
└── README.md             # project documentation
```
